How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I can easily checek the difference between two files and find out the changed
    lines that cause the bug. After I locate the modified part, I can review the 
    code then write it with the correct method.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Of course! I write and erase the code sometimes. however, I would regret to 
    do it. If I want to restore the code that I wrote before, having the entire 
    history would be a great help. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Sometimes I would forget to save the file before I make a big change. After I
    realize the changes are totally wrong, I can't get the orginal version of my
    code.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    For a project, multuple files are necessary for instance a project with lots
    of source code files with different modules. They may reference each other.
    It's better to use a version control system with multiple files tracking ability.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log can read all the commit that I submit. git diff can easily diff two commits
    for checking the different.
    $ git log
    $ git diff <commit1> <commit2>

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If I can preserve the workable, stable and good version of code and commit history,
    I would not afraid to change the code. I can do the experiment without corrupt the
    original version beacause I know I can get the good version back by git checkout.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use git for my all source codes and documents projects.